1. How would you deal with a difficult team member?

If I had a difficult team member in a software team setting. My goal would be to resolve the issue as cleanly as possible
by first just having a friendly talk with the team member and seeing what's going on, be it a miscommunication issue or some personal struggles that can be solved by just talking it out. If that approach is not feasible, I would communicate it with the higher-ups and
try to ease tensions.

2. When have you ever had to overcome a difficult task in the workplace?
There was a task I was once given when I was working as a retail associate, and I had
to fill two bays of top stock with 12- 4 ft Christmas trees in order within 2 hours. To overcome this
I had planned out what I could use and the most efficient way to do it, which was by using a machine called an order picker
to put up the biggest trees first to get them out of the way and to finish it of with the smaller trees. It resulted
in the job getting done by just me within the allotted time.

3. What would you say your biggest strength is?
I would say that my biggest strength is my adaptability and ability to grow with the job.
Throughout my career as a college student and also a part-time worker, there have been a multitude of 
times that I had to adapt to a new situation, be it a new class cover material I've never worked with 
or be it a new piece of machinery I had to learn how to operate at my part-time jobs. Throughout these
times, I've gained the ability to pick up on skills needed in a quick timeframe for a given job.

4. What would you say your biggest weakness is?
I would say my biggest weakness is my curiosity. I tend to like to think about problems and find the most optimal solution
for it. For example, depending on the problem, the best solution might need to be quick or more thorough, which can lead me to spend more time on problems than others.  
 
5. Tell me about a time when you needed to have quick thinking?
As a retail associate, there were many times when customers would ask questions about their specific projects
that I had never had any personal experience with. To overcome this, I would speak to the customer about the project
to first learn the problem, and then I would use my resources to find a solution. If the problem was that the customer
needed to kill a certain type of bug in their backyard, then I would look through our insecticides to see if there was 
a solution that would kill that insect.

6. Give me an example of when you had to perform over a tight workload?
During my time in college, there were times, especially during test season, when my schedule would be clogged with multiple tests while working my part-time job. During those times, I structured my time so I could start tackling the tougher topics during my more relaxed days or when I had multiple hours of free time. I would then study the lighter topics during the tighter days. This helped because, by tackling the tougher topics on relaxed days, I had time to work through the problems at a deeper level and still be able to utilize my time during the tighter days to study lighter material.

7. Can you describe a time when you had to motivate your peers?
There was a time in college when I had a group project, and 2 of our group members in a group of 5 left without doing their part.
This class we were in was known as a weeder class at our college, so spirits were not high in the group because of this.
I was able to bring the spirits of the group up by telling the remaining two that we still had plenty of time and that if we just divided the work up between the three of us, we could finish it before the sun went down. We were able to pick up their slack before the night ended

8. Tell me about a time when you had to work with someone whose personality was very different than yours
As a retail associate, I had to work with people from a variety of different backgrounds, and at that time I had coworkers
that were more than double my age. They were often very grumpy, and I was struggling to figure out how to talk with them to
make work easier. By just talking with them, I figured out that if you just ask them about their interests, they tend to open up
and be more comfortable, and since then when ever I'm working with new people I try to reach out to my new team members or coworkers
as I've found it makes a better working environment 

9. Describe a time when the requirements of a project changed halfway through
There was a time when I was working as a retail associate where a manager had given me the task of putting some large items on display in a certain area, but after I was done, it came to his attention that the store manager wanted it in a different but close location. After this, I came up with a way that would still get the large items on display to their new location without entirely erasing my work. Since they were stacks of boxes and the new destination was close, I was able to just get a machine and push them together to their new destination.

10. Give me a time when you faced a conflict with a coworker and how you resolved it
There was a time during a group project when my other group member and I had different ideas on how to implement a program.
So we decided that it wouldn't take too much time for us to both just implement our ideas and see which one worked better in 
the end, we ended up going with mine, but that doesn't matter, as we were able to just have fun with it in the end.